For this task, create a key pair with the following requirements:
Name of the key pair should be nautilus-kp.
Key pair type must be rsa

To create a key pair in AWS using the AWS Management Console, follow these steps:
Steps to create the key pair:
Log in to AWS Console:
Go to the AWS Management Console.
Log in with your AWS credentials.
Navigate to EC2:
In the search bar at the top, type EC2 and select EC2 from the list of services.
Access Key Pairs Section:
In the left sidebar under Network & Security, click on Key Pairs.
Create a New Key Pair:
On the Key Pairs page, click the Create key pair button.
Configure Key Pair Settings:
Key pair name: Enter nautilus-kp.
Key pair type: Select Rasa (assuming you meant RSA, as "Rasa" might be a typo, and RSA is the standard option for key pairs).
Download the Key Pair:
Choose .pem as the format for the private key if you're using it with SSH. This is crucial for accessing EC2 instances later.
Click Create key pair to finish the process.
The private key file (nautilus-kp.pem) will be automatically downloaded to your computer.

To create and list key pairs using the AWS CLI, follow these steps:
Prerequisites:
Ensure you have the AWS CLI installed. If not, install AWS CLI.
Ensure that you have configured your AWS CLI with the necessary access by running aws configure and entering your AWS Access Key ID, Secret Access Key, default region, and output format.

1. Creating a Key Pair using AWS CLI
To create a key pair named nautilus-kp with RSA encryption, you can use the following AWS CLI command:

aws ec2 create-key-pair --key-name nautilus-kp --query 'KeyMaterial' --output text > nautilus-kp.pem

Explanation:
--key-name: Specifies the name of the key pair. In this case, it's nautilus-kp.
--query 'KeyMaterial': Extracts the private key material from the output.
--output text: Specifies that the output should be in plain text format.
> nautilus-kp.pem: Redirects the private key material to a .pem file (nautilus-kp.pem).
This will create the key pair and save the private key in the file nautilus-kp.pem on your local machine.

2. Listing All Key Pairs using AWS CLI
To list all the key pairs associated with your AWS account, run the following command:

aws ec2 describe-key-pairs --query 'KeyPairs[*].KeyName' --output table
------------------
|DescribeKeyPairs|
+----------------+
|  nautilus-kp   |
+----------------+
