During the migration process, the Nautilus DevOps team created several EC2 instances in different regions. 
They are currently in the process of identifying the correct resources and utilization and are making continuous changes to ensure optimal resource utilization. 
Recently, they discovered that one of the EC2 instances was underutilized, prompting them to decide to change the instance type. Please make sure the Status check is completed (if its still in Initializing state) before making any changes to the instance.

1) Change the instance type from t2.micro to t2.nano for nautilus-ec2 instance.

2) Make sure the ec2 instance nautilus-ec2 is in running state after the change.

Steps Using AWS Console:
1. Check the Status of the EC2 Instance:
Go to the AWS Management Console and log in.
In the search bar at the top, type EC2 and select EC2 from the list of services.
Under Instances, find the nautilus-ec2 instance and check its Status Check column.
If it is still in the Initializing state, you must wait for it to pass the Status Checks (this may take a few minutes).
2. Stop the EC2 Instance (to change the instance type):
You must stop the instance before changing the instance type. Follow these steps:
Right-click on the nautilus-ec2 instance and select Instance State > Stop.
Wait for the instance to be fully stopped (the instance will show as stopped in the State column).
3. Change the Instance Type:
After the instance is stopped, select the nautilus-ec2 instance.
From the Actions dropdown, select Instance Settings > Change Instance Type.
Change the instance type from t2.micro to t2.nano.
Click Apply.
4. Start the EC2 Instance:
Once the instance type is changed, you can start the instance again:
Right-click on the instance and select Instance State > Start.
5. Ensure the Instance is Running:
After starting the instance, check the State column for the nautilus-ec2 instance. 
It should show as running. Also, verify that the Status Checks show "2/2 checks passed" to ensure the instance is functioning properly.

Important Notes:

Stopping and Starting the Instance: Changing the instance type requires the instance to be stopped and started. You cannot change the instance type while the instance is running.
Data Loss: Stopping an instance will not cause data loss in EBS volumes attached to the instance, but ensure you have backups for critical data.

AWS CLI:
Check the instance status:
aws ec2 describe-instances --instance-ids i-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx --query 'Reservations[0].Instances[0].State.Name'

Stop the instance:
aws ec2 stop-instances --instance-ids i-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Modify the instance type:
aws ec2 modify-instance-attribute --instance-id i-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx --instance-type "{\"Value\": \"t2.nano\"}"

Start the instance:
aws ec2 start-instances --instance-ids i-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Ensure the instance is running:
aws ec2 describe-instances --instance-ids i-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx --query 'Reservations[0

