An instance named datacenter-ec2 and a volume named datacenter-volume already exists in us-east-1 region.
Attach the datacenter-volume volume to the datacenter-ec2 instance, make sure to set the device name to /dev/sdb while attaching the volume.

Steps Using AWS Console:
1. Login to AWS Console:
Go to the AWS Management Console.
Log in with your credentials.
2. Navigate to EC2 Service:
In the search bar at the top, type EC2 and select EC2 from the list of services.
3. Locate the Volume:
In the left sidebar, under Elastic Block Store, click on Volumes.
Find the datacenter-volume volume in the list.
4. Attach the Volume to the EC2 Instance:
Select the datacenter-volume by clicking the checkbox next to it.
From the Actions dropdown, select Attach Volume.
In the Attach Volume window:
Instance: Select the datacenter-ec2 instance from the dropdown.
Device: Set the device name to /dev/sdb.
Click Attach.
5. Verify the Attachment:
After attaching, go to the Instances section, find the datacenter-ec2 instance, and verify that the volume appears under the Block Devices section. 
You should see the volume with the device name /dev/sdb listed.

Steps Using AWS CLI:
1. Attach the Volume to the EC2 Instance:
To attach the datacenter-volume volume to the datacenter-ec2 instance with the device name /dev/sdb, run the following AWS CLI command:

aws ec2 attach-volume --volume-id vol-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx --instance-id i-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx --device /dev/sdb --region us-east-1

Explanation:
--volume-id vol-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx: Replace vol-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx with the actual volume ID of datacenter-volume.
--instance-id i-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx: Replace i-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx with the actual instance ID of the datacenter-ec2 instance.
--device /dev/sdb: This sets the device name as /dev/sdb for the attached volume.
--region us-east-1: Specifies the region (us-east-1 in this case).

2. Verify the Volume Attachment:
To verify that the volume was successfully attached, run the following command:

aws ec2 describe-volumes --volume-ids vol-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx --region us-east-1 --query 'Volumes[0].Attachments[0].State'
