For this task, create an IAM user named iamuser_kareem.

Steps Using AWS Console:
1. Login to AWS Console:
Go to the AWS Management Console.
Log in with your credentials.
2. Navigate to IAM Service:
In the search bar at the top, type IAM and select IAM from the list of services.
3. Create a New User:
In the IAM dashboard, click on Users in the left sidebar.
Click the Add user button.
4. Configure User Details:
User name: Enter iamuser_kareem as the username.
Access type: Choose the access type for the user.
Select Programmatic access if the user needs API access (e.g., for AWS CLI).
Select AWS Management Console access if the user needs access to the AWS Console.
You can select both if needed.
5. Set Permissions:
On the Set permissions page, choose the appropriate permissions for the user. You can:
Select Attach policies directly to assign predefined policies.
Use Add user to group if you want to add the user to an IAM group.
Select Copy permissions from existing user or Attach customer managed policies if applicable.
6. Review and Create:
Review the user details and permissions.
Click Create user.
7. Download Credentials:
After the user is created, you will be shown the credentials for the user (access key, secret key, or login link for console access).
Download the credentials or copy the credentials for future use.

Steps Using AWS CLI:
1. Create the IAM User:
To create the IAM user iamuser_kareem using the AWS CLI, run the following command:
aws iam create-user --user-name iamuser_kareem
Explanation:
--user-name iamuser_kareem: Specifies the name of the IAM user to create.
2. Verify the IAM User:
To verify that the user has been created successfully, run the following command:
aws iam get-user --user-name iamuser_kareem
This will return details about the newly created IAM user.
3. Optional: Attach Permissions to the User:
You can attach policies to the user using the following command. For example, to give the user AdministratorAccess, you can run:

aws iam attach-user-policy --user-name iamuser_kareem --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AdministratorAccess
