The Nautilus DevOps Team has received a new request from the Development Team to set up a new EC2 instance. 
This instance will be used to host a new application that requires a stable IP address. 
To ensure that the instance has a consistent public IP, an Elastic IP address needs to be associated with it. 
The instance will be named datacenter-ec2, and the Elastic IP will be named datacenter-eip.
This setup will help the Development Team to have a reliable and consistent access point for their application.

Create an EC2 instance named datacenter-ec2 using any linux AMI like ubuntu, the Instance type must be t2.micro and associate an Elastic IP address
with this instance, name it as datacenter-eip.

Steps Using AWS Console:
1. Login to AWS Console:
Go to the AWS Management Console.
Log in with your credentials.
2. Launch a New EC2 Instance:
In the search bar at the top, type EC2 and select EC2 from the list of services.
In the EC2 dashboard, click Launch Instance.
3. Configure the Instance:
Choose an Amazon Machine Image (AMI):
Select Ubuntu from the list of available Linux AMIs. If you don't see it, you can search for "Ubuntu" in the AMI search bar.
Choose an appropriate version (e.g., Ubuntu Server 20.04 LTS).
Choose an Instance Type:
Select t2.micro (eligible for the free tier if your account qualifies).
Configure Instance Details:
For the VPC and subnet, select the appropriate options or leave the default.
You can keep the other default configurations, but make sure Auto-assign Public IP is enabled (to make sure the instance gets a public IP).
Add Storage:
The default 8 GiB size should be sufficient, but adjust it based on your needs.
Add Tags (Optional):
Add a tag with the Key Name and Value datacenter-ec2 to help identify the instance.
Configure Security Group:
Create a new security group or use the default one. Ensure that SSH (port 22) is open for your IP address to access the instance.
Review and Launch:
Review all settings, then click Launch.
Select or Create a Key Pair:
If you already have a key pair, select it. If not, create a new one. Download the .pem file to connect to your instance later.
4. Associate an Elastic IP (EIP) to the Instance:
Allocate a New Elastic IP:
In the EC2 dashboard, under Network & Security, click Elastic IPs.
Click Allocate new address and choose the appropriate region (e.g., us-east-1). Then, click Allocate.
Associate the Elastic IP with the Instance:
Select the newly allocated Elastic IP (datacenter-eip).
Click Actions > Associate Elastic IP address.
In the Instance field, select the datacenter-ec2 instance from the list.
Click Associate.
5. Verify the Setup:
Go to Instances and find the datacenter-ec2 instance. It should have the public Elastic IP (datacenter-eip) associated with it.
Verify that the Elastic IP is correctly listed under the Elastic IPs section.

Steps Using AWS CLI:
1. Allocate an Elastic IP:
To allocate a new Elastic IP address, run the following command:
aws ec2 allocate-address --region us-east-1
This will return an allocation ID and public IP, which you can use for associating with the EC2 instance. Note the PublicIp and AllocationId from the output.
2. Launch the EC2 Instance:
Run the following AWS CLI command to launch the datacenter-ec2 instance using an Ubuntu AMI:

aws ec2 run-instances --image-id ami-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx --instance-type t2.micro --key-name YourKeyName --security-group-ids sg-xxxxxxxx --subnet-id subnet-xxxxxxxx --associate-public-ip-address --tag-specifications 'ResourceType=instance,Tags=[{Key=Name,Value=datacenter-ec2}]' --region us-east-1

3. Associate the Elastic IP:
Once the instance is running, associate the Elastic IP to the datacenter-ec2 instance:

aws ec2 associate-address --instance-id i-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx --allocation-id eipalloc-xxxxxxxx --region us-east-1

4. Verify the Setup:
To verify that the Elastic IP has been associated, run:
aws ec2 describe-addresses --region us-east-1 --allocation-ids eipalloc-xxxxxxxx
