Day27:
Create a public VPC named devops-pub-vpc, and a subnet named devops-pub-subnet under the same, make sure public IP is being auto assigned to resources under this subnet. 
Further, create an EC2 instance named devops-pub-ec2 under this VPC with instance type t2.micro. Make sure SSH port 22 is open for this instance and accessible over the internet.

Step 1: Create the Public VPC (devops-pub-vpc)
Using AWS Console:
Login to AWS Console:
Go to the AWS Management Console and log in with your credentials.
Navigate to VPC:
In the search bar, type VPC and select VPC from the list of services.
Create a VPC:
In the VPC dashboard, click Create VPC.
For VPC Name, enter devops-pub-vpc.
Select the IPv4 CIDR block (e.g., 10.0.0.0/16 for a large address range or any other suitable block).
Choose the Tenancy option (default is fine for most cases).
Click Create VPC.

Step 2: Create the Public Subnet (devops-pub-subnet)
Navigate to Subnets:
In the left-hand sidebar, under Subnets, click Create Subnet.
Create the Subnet:
For Subnet Name, enter devops-pub-subnet.
Select the VPC you just created (devops-pub-vpc).
Choose an Availability Zone (you can leave it at the default).
Set the CIDR block for the subnet (e.g., 10.0.1.0/24).
Make sure to Enable auto-assign public IP (this is critical to ensure EC2 instances in this subnet get a public IP).
Create the Subnet:
Click Create to finalize the creation of the subnet.

Step 3: Create an Internet Gateway and Attach it to the VPC
Navigate to Internet Gateways:
In the VPC Dashboard, go to Internet Gateways and click Create internet gateway.
Attach the Internet Gateway:
Name the gateway (e.g., devops-pub-igw).
Click Create.
After creation, select the gateway and click Actions > Attach to VPC.
Select your devops-pub-vpc and click Attach.

Step 4: Create a Route Table for Internet Access
Navigate to Route Tables:
In the VPC Dashboard, go to Route Tables and click Create route table.
Create the Route Table:
For Route Table Name, enter devops-pub-rt.
Select your VPC (devops-pub-vpc).
Click Create.
Update the Route Table for Internet Access:
After the route table is created, select it and click on Routes tab.
Click Edit routes > Add route.
For the Destination, enter 0.0.0.0/0 (to allow all traffic).
For the Target, select the Internet Gateway (devops-pub-igw).
Click Save routes.
Associate the Route Table with the Public Subnet:
In the Route Tables dashboard, select your devops-pub-rt.
Click Subnet Associations > Edit subnet associations.
Select your devops-pub-subnet and click Save.

Step 5: Launch the EC2 Instance (devops-pub-ec2)
Navigate to EC2 Dashboard:
In the EC2 Dashboard, click Launch Instance to create a new instance.
Choose an Ubuntu AMI:
Select an Ubuntu AMI (e.g., Ubuntu Server 20.04 LTS).
Choose an Instance Type:
Select t2.micro (eligible for the free tier).
Configure Instance Details:
In the Network field, select the VPC (devops-pub-vpc).
In the Subnet field, select devops-pub-subnet.
Ensure Auto-assign Public IP is set to Enable (this will automatically assign a public IP to the EC2 instance).
Configure Security Group:
Create a new security group or use an existing one.
Add an Inbound Rule for SSH (port 22):
Type: SSH
Port: 22
Source: 0.0.0.0/0 (to allow access from anywhere on the internet).
Click Review and Launch.
Launch the Instance:
Select an SSH key pair to access the instance, or create a new one if necessary.
Click Launch to start the instance.

Step 6: Access the EC2 Instance via SSH
Find the Public IP of the devops-pub-ec2 instance.
Go to Instances in the EC2 Dashboard and find the devops-pub-ec2 instance.
Note down the Public IP.
SSH into the Instance:
Open your terminal and SSH into the EC2 instance using the following command (replace the IP and key path):
ssh -i /path/to/your-key.pem ubuntu@<public-ip>
Replace /path/to/your-key.pem with the actual path to your SSH key and <public-ip> with the EC2 instance's public IP.
