#Amazon ECS task definitions use container images to launch containers on the container instances in your clusters.
## Build the Docker image from your Dockerfile.
docker build -t hello-world .
List your container image.
docker images --filter reference=hello-world
Run the newly built image. The -p 80:80 option maps the exposed port 80 on the container to port 80 on the host system.

docker run -t -i -p 80:80 hello-world

Push your image to Amazon Elastic Container Registry


Amazon ECR is a managed AWS managed image registry service. You can use the Docker CLI to push, pull, and manage images in your Amazon ECR repositories. For Amazon ECR product details, featured customer case studies, and FAQs, see the Amazon Elastic Container Registry product detail pages.

To tag your image and push it to Amazon ECR

Create an Amazon ECR repository to store your hello-world image. Note the repositoryUri in the output.
Substitute region, with your AWS Region, for example, us-east-1.

aws ecr create-repository --repository-name hello-repository --region region

Tag the hello-world image with the repositoryUri value from the previous step.

docker tag hello-world aws_account_id.dkr.ecr.region.amazonaws.com/hello-repository
Run the aws ecr get-login-password command. Specify the registry URI you want to authenticate to. For more information, see Registry Authentication in the Amazon Elastic Container Registry User Guide.

aws ecr get-login-password --region region | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin aws_account_id.dkr.ecr.region.amazonaws.com
Output:
Login Succeeded

Push the image to Amazon ECR with the repositoryUri value from the earlier step.

docker push aws_account_id.dkr.ecr.region.amazonaws.com/hello-repository
Clean up

To continue on with creating an Amazon ECS task definition and launching a task with your container image, skip to the Next steps. When you are done experimenting with your Amazon ECR image, you can delete the repository so you are not charged for image storage.

aws ecr delete-repository --repository-name hello-repository --region region --force
